[docs] revert changes cascade (#31)
Exafunction/codeium-docs: windsurf/cascade.mdx

  className="w-full aspect-video"
  src="/assets/pip-install-demo-raw.mp4">
</video>

# Revert to previous steps

> Under the prompt that you submitted that you would like to revert, hover your mouse over the prompt and click on the arrow on the right. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have the ability to revert changes that Cascade has made if you want to. Hover your mouse over the prompt and click on the arrow on the right. This will revert all code changes back to the state of your codebase at the desired step. Note: reverts are currently irreversible, so be careful!
```
